New CMS documentation - More improvements & fixes (#2369)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/features/api-tokens.md

### Admin panel settings

**Path to configure the feature:** ![Settings icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Cog.svg) *Settings > Global settings > API Tokens*

The *API Tokens* interface displays a table listing all of the created API tokens. More specifically, it displays each API token's name, description, date of creation, and date of last use.

From there, you have the possibility to:

> - click on the ![edit button](/img/assets/icons/v5/Pencil.svg) to edit an API token's name, description, type, duration or [regenerate the token](#regenerating-an-api-token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- click on the <Icon name="pencil-simple" /> to edit an API token's name, description, type, duration or [regenerate the token](#regenerating-an-api-token).
```

> - click on the ![delete button](/img/assets/icons/v5/Trash.svg) to delete an API token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- click on the <Icon name="trash" /> to delete an API token.
```
